Document the teams request endpoint (#1766)
zeit/docs: components/references-mdx/api/v2/endpoints/teams.mdx

### Get list of team members

<Endpoint method="GET" url="/v2/teams/:id/members" />

Get the list of team members of the team defined in the URL. The response is a list of maps with the following format.

#### Response Parameters

| Key                   | <HelpLink href="#api-basics/types" hasIcon>Type</HelpLink> | Description                                                    |
| --------------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------- |
| **uid**               | <HelpLink href="#api-basics/types">ID</HelpLink>           | The team member unique identifier.                             |
| **role**              | <HelpLink href="#api-basics/types">Enum</HelpLink>         | The role inside the team, it could be `OWNER` or `MEMBER`.     |
| **email**             | <HelpLink href="#api-basics/types">String</HelpLink>       | The email address of the team member.                          |
| **username**          | <HelpLink href="#api-basics/types">String</HelpLink>       | The username of the team member.                               |

> | **confirmed**         | <HelpLink href="#api-basics/types">Boolean</HelpLink>      | Value is `true` if the member was accepted or joined the team. |

Reviewer: It might be valuable to say what `false` means. Pending approval perhaps?

Author: Sounds good 👍

> | **confirmed**         | <HelpLink href="#api-basics/types">Boolean</HelpLink>      | Value is `true` when the member was accepted or joined the team. |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| **confirmed**         | <HelpLink href="#api-basics/types">Boolean</HelpLink>      | Value is `true` if the member was accepted or joined the team. |
```

### Get list of team members

<Endpoint method="GET" url="/v2/teams/:id/members" />

Get the list of team members of the team defined in the URL. The response is a list of maps with the following format.

#### Response Parameters

| Key                   | <HelpLink href="#api-basics/types" hasIcon>Type</HelpLink> | Description                                                    |
| --------------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------- |
| **uid**               | <HelpLink href="#api-basics/types">ID</HelpLink>           | The team member unique identifier.                             |
| **role**              | <HelpLink href="#api-basics/types">Enum</HelpLink>         | The role inside the team, it could be `OWNER` or `MEMBER`.     |
| **email**             | <HelpLink href="#api-basics/types">String</HelpLink>       | The email address of the team member.                          |
| **username**          | <HelpLink href="#api-basics/types">String</HelpLink>       | The username of the team member.                               |

> | **confirmed**         | <HelpLink href="#api-basics/types">Boolean</HelpLink>      | Value is `true` if the member was accepted or joined the team. |

Reviewer 2: Let's say:

> If the member's request to join the team is still pending or if the member still needs to accept their invitation, the value will be `false`. Otherwise it will be `true`.

  You need to be <InlineCode>OWNER</InlineCode> to use it.
</Note>

<Note>
  Users who requested access cannot be invited and must instead be accepted.
  <Link href="/docs/v2/platform/frequently-asked-questions#inviting-users-to-team-who-requested-access">

>     Read the FAQ.

Reviewer 2: Let's use a button for the link and call it "Learn More".

Author: A Button is not really supported here, I can only add one with `float: right`, which doesn't look good on mobile and doesn't work well with longer text, I've replaced it with a link.

>   You need to be <InlineCode>OWNER</InlineCode> to use it.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  The authenticated user needs to be an <InlineCode>OWNER</InlineCode> in order to be able to successfully invoke this endpoint.
```

</Note>

<br />

<Note>

>   Users who requested access cannot be invited and must instead be accepted.{' '}

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  Users requesting access must be accepted instead of invited.{' '}
```

  <Link href="/docs/v2/platform/frequently-asked-questions#inviting-users-to-team-who-requested-access">

>     Learn more.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    Learn More
```

#### Request Parameters

| Key           | <HelpLink href="#api-basics/types" hasIcon>Type</HelpLink> | Required | Description                                                       |
| ------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------- | -------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------- |
| **role**      | <HelpLink href="#api-basics/types">Enum</HelpLink>         | No       | The new role of the team member, it could be `OWNER` or `MEMBER`. |

> | **confirmed** | <HelpLink href="#api-basics/types">Boolean</HelpLink>      | No       | Accept a user that requested access to the team.                  |

Reviewer 2: Let's say:

> If the user has requested access to the team, setting this field to `true` will accept their request.

  }}
  auth
  body={{
    role: 'OWNER'
  }}
/>

### Invite user to team

<Endpoint method="POST" url="/v1/teams/:id/members" />

> Invite a user to join the team specified in the URL. To use it send a `POST` request with the user email in the body.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Invite a user to join the team specified in the URL. To use it, send a `POST` request with the user's email address in the body.
```

<Note>

>   You need to be <InlineCode>OWNER</InlineCode> to use it.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  The authenticated user needs to be an <InlineCode>OWNER</InlineCode> in order to be able to successfully invoke this endpoint.
```

| **email** | <HelpLink href="#api-basics/types">String</HelpLink>       | Yes      | The email address of the user to invite.                                                                  |
| **role**  | <HelpLink href="#api-basics/types">Enum</HelpLink>         | No       | The role of the user to invite, it could be `OWNER` or `MEMBER`. If not defined, the default is `MEMBER`. |

#### Response Parameters

| Key          | <HelpLink href="#api-basics/types" hasIcon>Type</HelpLink> | Description                       |
| ------------ | ---------------------------------------------------------- | --------------------------------- |
| **uid**      | <HelpLink href="#api-basics/types">ID</HelpLink>           | The ID of the invited user.       |
| **username** | <HelpLink href="#api-basics/types">String</HelpLink>       | The username of the invited user. |

##### Example Request

<Request
  method="POST"
  url="https://api.zeit.co/v1/teams/team_ofwUZockJlL53hINUGCc1ONW/members"
  headers={{
    'Content-Type': 'application/json'
  }}
  auth
  body={{
    email: 'user@mail.com'
  }}
/>

##### Example Response

<Code lang="json">{`{
  "uid": "kr1PsOIzqEL5Xg6M4VZcZosf",

>   "username": "an-user"

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  "username": "acme"
```

}`}</Code>

### Request to join to a team

<Endpoint method="POST" url="/v1/teams/:id/request" />

> Request to join to a team as a member. An <InlineCode>OWNER</InlineCode> of the team can accept or decline this request.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Request to join a team as a <InlineCode>MEMBER</InlineCode>. An <InlineCode>OWNER</InlineCode> of the team can accept or decline this request.
```

  }}
  auth
  body={{
    role: 'OWNER'
  }}
/>

### Request to join to a team

<Endpoint method="POST" url="/v1/teams/:id/request" />

Request to join a team as a <InlineCode>MEMBER</InlineCode>. An <InlineCode>OWNER</InlineCode> of the team can accept or decline this request.

> <Note>Only 10 users can access request to a team at the same time.</Note>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
<Note>Only 10 users can request access to a team at the same time.</Note>
```

  }}
  auth
  body={{
    role: 'OWNER'
  }}
/>

### Request to join to a team

<Endpoint method="POST" url="/v1/teams/:id/request" />

Request to join a team as a <InlineCode>MEMBER</InlineCode>. An <InlineCode>OWNER</InlineCode> of the team can accept or decline this request.

<Note>
  Only 10 users can request access to a team at the same time.{' '}

>   <Link href="/docs/v2/platform/frequently-asked-questions#maximum-team-member-requests">

Reviewer 2: Let's use a button for the link and call it "Learn More".

  }}
  auth
  body={{
    role: 'OWNER'
  }}
/>

### Request to join to a team

<Endpoint method="POST" url="/v1/teams/:id/request" />

Request to join a team as a <InlineCode>MEMBER</InlineCode>. An <InlineCode>OWNER</InlineCode> of the team can accept or decline this request.

<Note>
  Only 10 users can request access to a team at the same time.{' '}
  <Link href="/docs/v2/platform/frequently-asked-questions#inviting-users-to-team-who-requested-access">

>     Learn more.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    Learn More
```

  </Link>
</Note>

#### Request Parameters

| Key            | <HelpLink href="#api-basics/types" hasIcon>Type</HelpLink> | Required | Description                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             |
| -------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------- | -------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |

> | **joinedFrom** | <HelpLink href="#api-basics/types">Enum</HelpLink>         | Yes      | Where was the access requested from, either <InlineCode>mail</InlineCode>, <InlineCode>link</InlineCode>, <InlineCode>import</InlineCode>, <InlineCode>onboarding</InlineCode>, <InlineCode>github</InlineCode>, <InlineCode>gitlab</InlineCode>, or <InlineCode>bitbucket</InlineCode> |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| **joinedFrom** | <HelpLink href="#api-basics/types">Enum</HelpLink>         | Yes      | Where access was requested from, either <InlineCode>mail</InlineCode>, <InlineCode>link</InlineCode>, <InlineCode>import</InlineCode>, <InlineCode>onboarding</InlineCode>, <InlineCode>github</InlineCode>, <InlineCode>gitlab</InlineCode>, or <InlineCode>bitbucket</InlineCode> |
```
